Revise manuscript (#95)
emilydolson/python-phylogeny-tracker: joss/paper.md

Consequently, these populations undergo evolution [@pennock2007models], and can be used as virtual model systems for studying evolutionary dynamics.
This experimental paradigm --- used across biological modeling, artificial life, and evolutionary computation --- complements research done using *in vitro* and *in vivo* systems by enabling experiments that would be impossible in the lab or field [@dolsonDigitalEvolutionEcology2021].
Although phylogenetic data from *in vivo* systems is growing ever more fine-grained [@konno2022deep], complete, exact observability remains a key benefit of computational methods.
Indeed, in digital populations it is possible to perfectly record all parent-child relationships across history, yielding complete phylogenies (ancestry trees).
This information reveals when traits were gained or lost, and also facilitates inference of underlying evolutionary dynamics [@mooers1997inferring;@dolsonInterpretingTapeLife2020;@moreno2024ecology].

> Such capability is of great value to phylogenetics research. While backward-time models such as coalescent-based approaches are powerful, there are many scenarios that they cannot support, necessitating the use of forward-time evolutionary models [@hallerSLiMForwardGenetic2019]. Thus, research agendas that require predicting the phylogenetic patterns that would result from a given evolutionary process would benefit greatly from a way to track phylogenies in forward-time *in silico* evolution models or experiments. Currently, such tracking is implemented on a case-by-case basis for each individual digital model system. As efficient phylogenetic tracking is non-trivial to implement, this approach represents a research bottleneck.

Author: ```suggestion
Such capability is of great value to phylogenetics research.
While backward-time models such as coalescent-based approaches are powerful, there are many scenarios that they cannot support, necessitating the use of forward-time evolutionary models [@hallerSLiMForwardGenetic2019].
Thus, research agendas that require predicting the phylogenetic patterns that would result from a given evolutionary process would benefit greatly from a way to track phylogenies in forward-time *in silico* evolution. 
Currently, such tracking is implemented case-by-case in individual digital model systems.
As efficient phylogenetic tracking is non-trivial to implement, this *status quo* burdens research workloads.
```

Reviewer: What if we just drop "simulations" from line 47 to side-step the whole instantiation/model/simulation/experiment philosophy of science discussion.

Reviewer: Otherwise looks good!
